[Autogenerated] well you now have,
or at least learned how to create an s p dot net core application that's
fully running on AWS in three different scenarios.
A straight up Web application running on a Kestral Web
server inside an A C two container.
The same application running in a series of docker containers managed
by fargate on Amazon's elastic Container services.
And now as a serverless application,
which is a composition of a lambda function and our application.
While realizing some of the benefits of Lambda functions,
including the fact that your costs are relative to
the requests hitting the function,
you were able to achieve this with a standard dot net application.
It's a clever solution by AWS,
letting Cloud Formacion do the work of building the function.
And coordinating the resource is an infrastructure
that lead to your .net CoreLogic,
and you can still write and debug the application,
using your familiar pools and language,
and even debug it in visual studio or your favorite I D.
E for writing dot net applications or even at the command line.
And you can do all of that before deploying it up to the clown while you could
start with one of the many AWS templates for building serverless applications
and then build your logic into that solution.
I took the path of learning from one of those templates and then
applying some of its code to our existing application.
Thanks to the custom VPC I created early on for the RTs database,
we got to experience some more useful features of the function,
connecting it to that VPC and learning more about security
groups as well as about VPC endpoints.
And in the end,
our A p I that we had already proven out in visual studio in Elastic
Beanstalk and on Fargate also works perfectly well in a serverless
application with AWS Lambda Functions.
And it's been quite the journey,
especially if you have had no experience with AWS.
Before you began this course,
who knew that Amazon Web services had so much to offer .net
developers and the software that we built Now you know,
and there is much more to dot net on AWS than what we've covered in this course.
There were a lot of steps along the way in this module,
so the next few slides encapsulate the steps for transforming the original
application and the steps we took when deploying the serverless application
and getting all of that access set up correctly.
Here are some links and other resource is I mentioned in this module and
some additional ones that I think you might find helpful.
I'm Julie Lierman and thank you so much for watching my course fundamentals of building dot net applications on Amazon Web services.